hello one and all and welcome to my
tutorial video on how to install
different versions of Minecraft I've
needed this recently because yeah I I
plan a server and they recently updated
to minecraft 1.5.2 use my mods and many
of them have not yet updated so I'm
still needed 1.4.7 so I did some
research and I finally figured out how
to do it and I will share this
information with you now alright it's
not so complicated
first thing you need to do is go to your
percent a pad 8 percent a folder your
roaming folder where your minecraft
folder is located and create these two
folders actually you create as many
folders as you want for as many versions
of Minecraft as you need like you can
see I've got one four seven here and one
five one the new one
now just one little trick you gotta know
to create a new folder here if you if
you observe here I try to make a new
minecraft folder 1.2.0 and I hit enter
it works okay I don't know why that
works it usually doesn't if you that
would happen no no no really will you
watch watch watch now just get dot
minecraft and I'm gonna try to not use
dots there I just put anything there
yeah you must type a file name - so
basically to ensure that you can create
a folder here if you get that error what
you need to do I guess is put a dot
anywhere else in in the name what I did
to create these is I put a dot at the
end after typing in all of this I put a
dot at the end and then it worked fine
so ok yes now once you've done that
you've got these two empty folders you
take your dot minecraft folder and
remember you haven't updated yet right
you gotta stay with the old version then
you take the minecraft folder and copy
it into the first the older version that
you want which is what I have already
done here as you can see then go out of
that and update your Minecraft as usual
you just open your launcher and force
update and it will yeah it will update
then you go back here and now this
folder will have updated right and you
copied the old one there so now you take
this folder and copy it into here
like I've done already then you can
safely once you've copied those two
different versions into the two
different folders you can safely delete
your old minecraft
folder the old Minecraft folder so then
next step is you've got to create these
two bad files to create a bad file you
need to open up if to create a text
document right I'll just do it
create a text document call it whatever
you want
minecraft yeah quality you know name it
logically like I've done at the top
there whatever it is right and open it
up that's just a normal text file right
then you paste the following information
I will put this in the description for
you guys basically what you do is at the
launcher line this value has to be the
full path of wherever your long launcher
is located mine happens to be magic
launcher and it's on the desktop so yeah
I've got here see users Judy that's me
they stop magic launcher right but it
could be anywhere and it could be any
launcher then in supplement here after
the equals you put the exact name of
that folder which you created the old
one here 1.4.7
you put that name as a folder there okay
then save as and down here instead of
text I can just choose all files I'm not
sure if that matters and then the
extension is the important part you
change it to dot bat and you save that
and you should get yes here we go
a new file and if you run this it will
open minecraft using the files in this
folder
then you do the same thing create
another one like with the same process
except that in here you change this to
the folder that you have the new
versioning - hit this one here and
that's it then you save that one also as
a better file and you close everything
up and it should be fine let me
demonstrate I'll just delete these two
here got mine all set up here already
and yeah one point four points here and
I run that what it does is it opens up
magic launcher except that it's got my
dinosaurs and my creatures configuration
here which I set up in here but if I
open the one point five point one bat
file then you get default I don't have
any mods loaded with with this one so
that's how you do it I hope this helps
you and yeah have a nice day